S3 access_key_id & secret_access_key args (#1589)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

  $ dvc remote modify myremote endpointurl https://myendpoint.com
  ```

> - `access_key_id` - AWS access key id to use to access S3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `access_key_id` - AWS Access Key ID:
```

Reviewer: But does this need an explanation? When is an access key ID (and secret) needed?

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote access_key_id my-access-key-id
  ```

> - `secret_access_key` - AWS secret access key to use to access S3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `secret_access_key` - AWS Secret Access Key:
```

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote secret_access_key my-secret_access_key
  ```

>   

Reviewer: White spaces
```suggestion

```

  $ dvc remote modify myremote endpointurl https://myendpoint.com
  ```

> - `access_key_id` - AWS Access Key ID. Optional, overrides credentials from
>   `credentialpath`:
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote access_key_id my-access-key-id
>   ```
> 
> - `secret_access_key` - AWS Secret Access Key. Optional, Overrides credentials

Reviewer: I'll commit this:

```suggestion
- `access_key_id` - (optional) AWS Access Key ID. Overrides credentials from
  `credentialpath`:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote access_key_id my-access-key-id
  ```

- `secret_access_key` - (optional) AWS Secret Access Key. Overrides credentials
```

>   from `credentialpath`:

Reviewer: But actually... All of these settings are optional, even `credentialpath`. So why/when does `credentialpath` need to be overridden?

From the section's description: "To override some of these settings, you could use the following options".

Reviewer: Is it just an alternative to `credentialpath`?

Author: https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/4175

Reviewer 2: Yes, all of these are optional except for the url. You can override default credentialpath (~/.aws/credentials) when you want to use a different creds file.

Reviewer: Thanks, I get it. My questions are geared towards improving the explanation for the users.

So maybe `credentialpath` should state it is the default AWS credentials file if omitted, or something like this? Another option is to say these new options can be used "instead of `credentialpath`" (and not call them optional). The way they're described now may be confusing.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- `access_key_id` - AWS Access Key ID. May be used along with
  `secret_access_key` instead of `credentialpath`:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote access_key_id my-access-key-id
  ```

- `secret_access_key` - AWS Secret Access Key. May be used along with
  `access_key_id` instead of `credentialpath`:
````

Reviewer: FTFY I think ^ just not sure it'll pass the formatting check.

Reviewer 2: These config options will override not only what is in credentialpath but also what is in the env or boto3-specific config, so the hierarchy is more complex and, ideally, it should be described (a note about us using boto3 and a reference to https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html might suffice) once for the whole s3-related section. We could create a ticket for that for later, but for now just say that these newly added options are optional.

Reviewer: > We could create a ticket for that for later, but for now just say that these newly added options are optional.

Sure, feel free to open the ticket. Seems like a good note to add. For now I merged this. It does already imply all these settings are optional at the beginning of the section, and per the nature of `dvc remote modify`.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote secret_access_key my-secret_access_key
  ```

> - `url` - remote location URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `url` - remote location URL:
```
